20241107 
Today marks the first day of my programming journey. I have decided from this day forward I have commited to myself that I am going to program everyday. 
I am going to learn new things about programming and technology to grow my knowledge. This is my first blog post for a website I am learning to create. 
I create a profile on the odin project and I will dedicate my free time to learning more about computers, continously learning and honning my skills. 
As you have already noticed this blog is not just about technology but its also about Buisness and Finance. 
My goal is to create a community where people can ask questions and not feel shamed or belittled. 
This community is for anyone who has a growth mindset and genuienly wants to be a better human being. 
This is a space online where people can meet local people with the same goals and visions and they can work together to accomplish anything they can dream of. 
You can achieve anything you put your mind to. Anything you can dream and really want deep down the universe will provide. 
One of my weaknesses is I struggle to follow through with projects and ideas. I have started countless projects throughout my life. 
To solve this I have decided to give meself rewards as I complete them, I am going to force myself to see projects through until the end. 
I need you guys to hold me accountable and I will do the same to each member of this community because I genuily want to see you succeed and live the best life you want and deserve.
20241114
It has been 7 days since I have wrote my last entry. Since then a lot has happened with sheala. On tuesday she took her cat to the vet and they gave her bad news.
Pheobe has congestive heart failure and fluid build up in her lungs so we have been giving her medicine to hopefully get the fluid out, but her last day is nearing.
Sheala also had eye surgery on her left eye yesturday and hasnt been handling the pain very well. This journal doesnt only contain my accomplishments but also my pitfalls.
I want use this platform to track my goals.
GOALS
1) create this blog website and publish it onto the internet
    1)The Odin Project (Foundations Course)
        1) 7 of 52 complete 
        2) 
